Oh what is going on guys today we were
to talk about something you guys when
asked me to talk about for quite some
time and that is slender man and
creepypastas though we will get into the
more of the stories and the other creepy
process on a future video this theory
this is a video I just about a theory
about Slenderman himself and it's kind
of a cool and it's kind of quick it's
kind of short but I thought I would
share with you guys just to kind of take
office creepypasta that kind of stuff
gonna be doing in the near future so I
hope you guys enjoy but let's go ahead
and jump right into this theory so the
whole theory is that Slenderman is a
human from the perspective of an animal
now if it think about this it kind of
makes sense in here I'm gonna break down
why it would make kind of sense if you
think about it in that way so Slenderman
is on naturally slim and very tall when
you see him now this would be very true
if you were thinking of this through the
eyes of an animal say like a deer a deer
or any other animal is really really
short compared to a human and also
humans seem very unnaturally thin when
you think about it compared to things
like deer elk or anything kind of animal
like that another thing worth pointing
out is that Slenderman persistently
hunts just like humans do no matter how
fast or how far you run Sunderman is
always just kind of there he always
shows back up
it never really matters how far you run
how far you go Sunderman will be there
to get you and that fits again perfectly
with the theme of going to the eyes of
an animal to an animal I deer hunter in
the in the woods it just always seems to
be one step ahead of them they don't
understand how the humans are using
stealth for now they're using motor
tactics and hunting tactics to somehow
catch up to them no matter how far and
how fast they run and finally the
Slenderman kills in a mysterious
incomprehensible unexplainable way
to a deer or any other animal that was
being hunted this makes perfect sense
think about like this suddenly you see a
human or a Slenderman and all of a
sudden you start bleeding out of nowhere
wounds appear out of nowhere they can't
possibly comprehend the weapons that the
hunter would be using a gun a bow etc
etc so to them it's just kind of
mysteriously tall slender magical dark
being exactly what the Thunder man is
and that's what the Sun Run is to these
animals and that's what that whole
theory comes back to is it's a human
through the perspective of an animal
being hunted by a hunter no that is all
they're all sincere you guys I hope you
guys enjoyed smash that like button it
would be greatly appreciated let me know
if you guys want to do more of these
creepypasta type videos I have so much
to do but I want to get these out to you
guys as fast as possible so let me know
in the comment section what your
favorite creepypasta is and if I should
do some readings there's more
creepypasta theories I want to know what
you guys want to see because I am here
to please you guys after all but like I
said we have time for us thank you guys
so much for watching as always remember
disconnect time somewhere and I will
speak with you shortly
peace out guys